V3.3 physics docs (#1718)
cocos-creator/creator-docs: en/editor/publish/publish-bytedance-mini-game.md

> **Note**:
> 1. Currently, the native physics of the ByteDance platform only supports the Android version of TikTok, and the version must be greater or equal to v16.3.
> 2. The ByteDance DevTools does not support running native physics, only previewing and debugging on a real devices.

> > 3.  In the v3.3 version, when `notPackPhysXLibs` is not selected, Creator support PhysX to running on the ByteDance full application platform, including ByteDance DevTools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 3. When `notPackPhysXLibs` is not selected, Creator supports PhysX running on the ByteDance full application platform, including ByteDance DevTools.
```
